Preheat the oven to 200 degrees.
Cut the mushrooms into quarters. Press the garlic or chop finely.
Mix the mushrooms with the garlic in a bowl and per person: 1/2 tbsp olive oil and 1/2 tsp smoked paprika powder. Season with salt and pepper and set aside.
Strip the needles from the rosemary sprigs and chop finely. Wash the potatoes and cut into wedges.
Mix the potatoes in a bowl with the rosemary and 1/2 tbsp olive oil per person. Season with salt and pepper and spread over half of a baking tray lined with baking paper.
Bake the potatoes in the oven for 15 minutes. Then stir the potatoes, place the mushrooms next to them and bake in the oven for another 15 - 25 minutes.
Bring plenty of water with a pinch of salt to the boil in a pan. Cut 2 slices of 2 cm from the center of the cauliflower. Hold the stem of the cauliflower so that the florets do not fall off. Keep the cauliflower steaks aside.
Cut the remaining cauliflower into small florets.
Boil the cauliflower florets for 10 - 12 minutes. Drain and allow to steam.
Heat 1/2 tbsp olive oil per person in a large frying pan with a lid over medium heat. Sprinkle the cauliflower steak with salt and pepper and, once the oil is hot, carefully place in the pan. Fry for 1 - 3 minutes per side until golden brown. Reduce the heat, cover the pan and let the cauliflower steak cook for another 8 - 10 minutes. Turn halfway through and sprinkle with some pepper.
In the meantime, finely chop the parsley leaves. In a high bowl, mix the cooked cauliflower florets, half the flat-leaf parsley and per person: 50 ml cooking cream and 1 tsp Middle Eastern herbs. Puree with a hand blender until you get a smooth, thick sauce. Spoon the puree back into the pan with a lid, season well with salt and pepper and keep warm over low heat.
In a small bowl, crumble the blue cheese cubes and mix with the remaining flat-leaf parsley and the mushrooms to form a topping.
Divide the cauliflower puree among the plates and place the cauliflower steak on top. Serve with the potatoes and spoon the blue cheese topping over the cauliflower steaks. Garnish with the remaining Middle Eastern spices.
